913 rework text about bytes (#972)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/system-functions/ucs.md

- `'UTF-16'`
- `'UTF-32'`

> The second element (if present) is either `0` (the default) which causes ⎕UCS to consume and return integers between 0 and 255 or `83` which causes ⎕UCS to consume and return integers between `¯128` and `+127`. `83` can only be used with `'UTF-8'`.  See [`⎕DR`](dr.md) for more information about type 83 values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second element (if present) is either `0` (the default), which causes `⎕UCS` to consume and return integers between `0` and `255`, or `83`, which causes` ⎕UCS` to consume and return integers between `¯128` and `+127`. `83` can only be used with `'UTF-8'`.  See [`⎕DR`](dr.md) for more information about type 83 values.
```

947 949 953 945 32 963 959 965
```

### UTF-8 and Integer Ranges

> By default `⎕UCS` consumes and returns positive integers. In the case of `X` having the value `'UTF-8'` or `'UTF-8' 0`, `⎕UCS will consume and return integers in the range `0` to `255. In the case of `X` having the value `'UTF-8' 83`, `⎕UCS` will instead consume and return integers in the range `¯128` to `+127`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `⎕UCS` consumes and returns positive integers. When `X` has the value `'UTF-8'` or `'UTF-8' 0`, `⎕UCS` will consume and return integers in the range `0` to `255`. When `X` has the value `'UTF-8' 83`, `⎕UCS` will instead consume and return integers in the range `¯128` to `+127`. For example:
```

      'UTF-8' 83 ⎕UCS 'γεια σου'
¯50 ¯77 ¯50 ¯75 ¯50 ¯71 ¯50 ¯79 32 ¯49 ¯125 ¯50 ¯65 ¯49 ¯123
```

> This facilitates storing Unicode text in native files as UTF-8 or being passed to or from `⎕NA` functions and in some cases will result in less workspace being needed to hold the integer vector argument or result. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This facilitates storing Unicode text in native files as UTF-8 or being passed to/from `⎕NA` functions. In some cases, this can result in a reduction in the amount of workspace needed to hold the integer vector argument or result. For example:
```
